CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

:crossed_flags:
English,
[한국어][KO_KR]

[EN]:CONTRIBUTING.md
[KO_KR]:CONTRIBUTING.ko_kr.md

## Useful Extensions

GitHub has syntax support for the AGC assembly language built-in.
Unfortunately your code editor will not, however there are
AGC language extensions that provides syntax highlighting for the
following editors:
- [Atom][5]
- [Sublime Text 3][4]
- [Visual Studio Code][3]

## Formatting
**Note:** GitHub and the 3 extensions listed above will ensure
you're using the correct formatting automatically.

- Use tab indentation
- Use tab width of 8
- Trim trailing whitespace

## What do I check?
### Comments
- Comments in the transcribed code should match the scans exactly
  - This could involve creating a deliberate typo or removing/adding
  an entire comment.

### Line breaks
- Line breaks *with* `R0000` in column 1 should match the scans exactly.
- Line breaks *with**__out__* `R0000` in column 1 should contain only 1
or 2 blank lines in a row.
  - If there are more than 2 blank lines breaks, strip the extra
  line breaks.
    - Lines with `R0000` in column 1 do not count towards this.
  - In the source images, these were created by an unprinted digit
  in column 8. A 2 there forced a double space (single blank line)
  and a 3 forced a triple space (double blank line). Values 4-8 were
  defined but never used. Read more about it in [#159][7]

For example the following:
```plain
R0819   SUBROUTINE TO SKIP...
R0820



 0821   LAMPTEST  CS  IMODES33
```
Should become:
```plain
R0819   SUBROUTINE TO SKIP...
R0820


 0820   LAMPTEST  CS  IMODES33
```

## Note

Before you make a PR, please make sure your changes are consistent with the following original AGC printouts!

* [AGC printouts for Comanche][8]
* [AGC printouts for Luminary][9]

[0]:https://github.com/chrislgarry/Apollo-11/pull/new/master
[1]:http://www.ibiblio.org/apollo/ScansForConversion/Luminary099/
[2]:http://www.ibiblio.org/apollo/ScansForConversion/Comanche055/
[3]:https://github.com/wopian/agc-assembly
[4]:https://github.com/jimlawton/AGC-Assembly
[5]:https://github.com/Alhadis/language-agc
[6]:https://github.com/wopian/agc-assembly#user-settings
[7]:https://github.com/chrislgarry/Apollo-11/issues/159
[8]:http://www.ibiblio.org/apollo/ScansForConversion/Comanche055/
[9]:http://www.ibiblio.org/apollo/ScansForConversion/Luminary099/

Commit message:

Move scan links closer to top for impatient readers (#372)
* Move scan links closer to top for impatient readers

The links to the scans are included as a simple a "note" at the bottom of the README, when they should be at the top.

* fix discrepancies typo

* fix discrepancies typo x2

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

:crossed_flags:
English,
[한국어][KO_KR]

[EN]:CONTRIBUTING.md
[KO_KR]:CONTRIBUTING.ko_kr.md

The source code in this repository was digitized manually from paper printouts, so typos and other discrepancies have been introduced accidentally. The code shall be modified to be made consistent with the scanned printouts:

* [AGC printouts for Comanche][8]
* [AGC printouts for Luminary][9]

## Useful Extensions

GitHub has syntax support for the AGC assembly language built-in.
Unfortunately your code editor will not, however there are
AGC language extensions that provides syntax highlighting for the
following editors:
- [Atom][5]
- [Sublime Text 3][4]
- [Visual Studio Code][3]

## Formatting
**Note:** GitHub and the 3 extensions listed above will ensure
you're using the correct formatting automatically.

- Use tab indentation
- Use tab width of 8
- Trim trailing whitespace

## What do I check?
Any discrepancies between the scans and the source code in this repository, including:

### Comments
- Comments in the transcribed code should match the scans exactly
  - This could involve creating a deliberate typo or removing/adding
  an entire comment.

### Line breaks
- Line breaks *with* `R0000` in column 1 should match the scans exactly.
- Line breaks *with**__out__* `R0000` in column 1 should contain only 1
or 2 blank lines in a row.
  - If there are more than 2 blank lines breaks, strip the extra
  line breaks.
    - Lines with `R0000` in column 1 do not count towards this.
  - In the source images, these were created by an unprinted digit
  in column 8. A 2 there forced a double space (single blank line)
  and a 3 forced a triple space (double blank line). Values 4-8 were
  defined but never used. Read more about it in [#159][7]

For example the following:
```plain
R0819   SUBROUTINE TO SKIP...
R0820



 0821   LAMPTEST  CS  IMODES33
```
Should become:
```plain
R0819   SUBROUTINE TO SKIP...
R0820


 0820   LAMPTEST  CS  IMODES33
```

## Note

Before you make a PR, please make sure your changes are consistent with the scans!

[0]:https://github.com/chrislgarry/Apollo-11/pull/new/master
[1]:http://www.ibiblio.org/apollo/ScansForConversion/Luminary099/
[2]:http://www.ibiblio.org/apollo/ScansForConversion/Comanche055/
[3]:https://github.com/wopian/agc-assembly
[4]:https://github.com/jimlawton/AGC-Assembly
[5]:https://github.com/Alhadis/language-agc
[6]:https://github.com/wopian/agc-assembly#user-settings
[7]:https://github.com/chrislgarry/Apollo-11/issues/159
[8]:http://www.ibiblio.org/apollo/ScansForConversion/Comanche055/
[9]:http://www.ibiblio.org/apollo/ScansForConversion/Luminary099/
